Shell Permissions 0-iam_betty - This script switches the current user to the user betty. 1-who_am_i - This prints the effective username of the current user. 2-groups - This script prints all the groups the current user is part of. 3-new_owner - This changes the owner of the file hello to the user betty. 4-hello - This creates an empty file hello. 5-execute - This adds execute permission to the owner of the file hello. 6-multiple_permissions -This adds execute permission to the owner and the group, and read permission to other users. 7-everybody - This adds execution permision to the owner, group owner and other users, the file hello. 8-James_Bond - This script sets no permission to the file for the owner and group but sets all permissions for other users. 9-John_Doe - This script sets all permissins for the owner, read and execute permissins for the group owner, and write and execute permissions for other users. 10-mirror_permissions - This sets the mode of the file hello the same as olleh's 11-directories_permissions - This script adds execute permission to all subdirectories of the current directory for the owner, the group owner and all other users. 12-directory_permissions - This creates a directory called my_dir with permissions 751 in the working directory. 13-change_group - This changes the group owner of the file hello to school. 100-change_owner_and_group - This writes a script that changes the owner to vincent and the group owner to staff for all the files and directories in the working directory. 101-symbolic_link_permissions - This changes the owner and the group owner of _hello to vincent and staff respectively. 102-if_only - This changes the owner of the file hello to betty only if it is owned by the user guillaume. 103-Star_Wars - This script will play the StarWars IV episode in the terminal.
